Update user deactivation documentation for v10.10 offline status changes (#8122)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/user-management-configuration-settings.rst

To delete a user from your Mattermost deployment, you can deactivate the user's account. Deactivated users have an deactivated status, are logged out of Mattermost as soon as they are deactivated, and deactivated users can no longer log back in. You can manage the user's role, password, and email address while a user's account is deactivated.

.. note::

>   From Mattermost v10.10, when a user account is deactivated, their :ref:`availability <preferences/set-your-status-availability:set your availability>` is automatically set to offline.

Author: ```suggestion
  From Mattermost v10.10, when a user account is deactivated, the account's :ref:`availability <preferences/set-your-status-availability:set your availability>` is automatically set to offline.
```
